hey everyone and welcome to another
tutorial this time around I would like
to show you how you can install Saints
Row 4
I went with the route back by satyr you
see it's a sheaf addition we told you
season it and it's only 5 gigs so it's
pretty good
with this version of the game you don't
need to download anything else this is
just enough ok when you download the
game you'll get these files simply
double click setup
you
come on there we go change this to
English click next select your
destination and click Next again and the
game will being sold and ready to play
mm okay this one and this is it guys you
don't need to download any crack stuff
from the internet that's enough and
since it's been a while I'm going to
show you how you can use your PC
controller and emulate it like it's an
Xbox one will leave you a link the
description for this software it's three
it's easy to
do ok just click yes create one more
file
you
I'm going to move this window now you
got to connect the controller now then
click Next
just wait for a few seconds it depends
on your controller
and just when it's it's done just like
finish
go
finish and this is it just now click
save then you can exit this window and
these are the two files that you created
you can just simply cut them from a desk
desktop and base them right here
now I already have those files so I had
to replace them but that's it so this
it's pretty easy as you see so we've had
any questions just let me know and I'll
do my best to answer thank you for
watching guys and I'll see ya next time